Individual methods in our repository tier are ran in a single
transaction for the lifecycle of that JdbcTemplate call.
But if we want to implement transactions across multiple calls,
we need to create an instance of a transactionManager like the one listed here.
This transactionManager wraps our dataSource and utilizes that
transaction capability of our JDBC driver that we have chosen
for the platform we are using.
Let's add transactions to our application.
We first need to add a transaction manager to our JDBC config file.
We also need to create a sample call that spans two JDBC transactions.
From there we can annotate that method with @Transactional,
signifying that we want to roll back if something happens. And finally, we can verify that it did complete with a rollback.